>> Sreenivasan: THE REPUBLICAN
CONTROLLED HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES APPROVE A BILL
TO GREENLIGHT THE CONTROVERSIAL
KEYSTONE X-L PIPELINE.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M HARI SREENVASAIN.
JUDY WOODRUFF IS ON ASSIGNMENT.
ALSO AHEAD, DEFENSE SECRETARY
CHUCK HAGEL CALLS FOR AN
OVERHAUL OF AMERICA'S FLAWED
NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM.
AS ATLANTIC CITY'S BOARDWALK
EMPIRE SHO SIGWSNS OF COLLAPSE,
THE CITY DOUBLES DOWN ON HOPES
FOR SURVIVAL.
>> TEN YEARS AGO THE PEOPLE IN
ATLANTIC CITY, THE CASINO FOLKS,
WERE CONSIDERING THEMSELVES
GENIUSES BECAUSE THE CITY WAS
MAKING $5.2 BILLION A YEAR.
IT'S-- IT'S SORT OF LIKE YOU
KNOW THE ROOSTER THINKING THAT
HE MAKES THE SUN COME UP IN THE
MORNING.
>> Sreenivasan: PLUS, COMEDIAN
JON STEWART ON HIS DIRECTORIAL
DEBUT OF THE SERIOUS FILM,
"ROSEWATER."
>> THERE'S SOMETIMES A
MISPERCEPTION, I THINK, OF
SATIRE, THAT IT IS CLOWNISH IN
THE SENSE-- NO DISRESPECT TO
CLOWNS-- BUT THAT IT'S "BAGGY
PANTS."
IT'S NOT.
IT'S A WAY OF EXPRESSING IDEAS
AND SYNTHESIZE INFORMATION THAT
YOU TRULY BELIEVE IN, JUST USING
THE TOOLS OF SATIRE.
MARK SHE'DS AND DAVID BROOKS
ANALYZE THE WEEK'S NEWS.
>> Sreenivasan: THOSE ARE SOME
OF THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.